# Salt Collection 

## Anleitung zur Installation
1. Kopiere den Ordner, in welchen sich diese Datei befindet (SaltCollection) in das Quellverzeichnis von deiner Lethal Company Installation. Falls du nicht weißt, wo diese sich befindet, siehe weiter unten die Anleitung "Speicherort finden"
2. Wenn du den Ordner richtig verschoben hast, sollte der Dateipfad teilweise wie folgt aussehen: \steamapps\common\Lethal Company\SaltCollection
3. Innerhalb des Ordners findest du, neben dieser Anleitung, 2 Batch Dateien (.bat). Klicke doppelt auf "Install Mods.bat" um die Mods und alle dazugehörigen Dateien zu installieren
4. Wenn du die Mods wieder entfernen möchtest, kannst du dies über die Datei "2. Uninstall Mods.bat" machen. Bedenke jedoch, dass diese die zusätzlichen Dateien beibehält, welche die Mods eigentlich verwenden. Entsprechend müsste man, falls man updaten möchte, lediglich die neue Version rüber schieben, ohne alles neu zu installieren.

### Speicherort finden
- Um den Installationsort heraus zu finden, klicke in Steam mit der rechten Maustaste auf das Spiel und wähle "Eigenschaften" (englisch: Properties).
- Wechsle hier auf der linken Seite zu "Installed Files" oder Installierte Dateien (oder so ähnlich auf Deutsch). Oberhalb erhälst du nun den Button "Browse" oder "Durchsuche" (oder so ähnlich auf Deutsch)
- Dies ist das Quellverzeichnis. Der Dateipfad kann dann so oder so ähnlich lauten: 
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steam\steamapps\common\Lethal Company


##   Installation Guide

1. Copy the folder containing this file (SaltCollection) to the source directory of your Lethal Company installation. If you're unsure where it is located, see the "Locate Installation Folder" instructions below.
2. Once you've correctly moved the folder, the file path should look partially like this: \steamapps\common\Lethal Company\SaltCollection
3. Within the folder, alongside this guide, you'll find 2 batch files (.bat). Double-click on "Install Mods.bat" to install the mods and all associated files.
4. If you wish to remove the mods, you can do so using the file "2. Uninstall Mods.bat." Keep in mind that this retains the additional files that the mods use. Therefore, if you want to update, you just need to transfer the new version without reinstalling everything.

### Locate Installation Folder

- To find the installation location, right-click on the game in Steam and select "Properties."
- Navigate to "Installed Files" on the left side. Above, you'll find the "Browse" button.
- This is the source directory. The file path could be something like: C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steam\steamapps\common\Lethal Company


## Modlist:

| Modname | Beschreibung | Link |
|----------|----------|----------|
| BepInExPack | BepInEx pack for Mono Unity games. Preconfigured and ready to use. | [thunderstore.io](https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/BepInEx/BepInExPack/)) |
| MoreCompany  | A stable lobby player count expansion mod. With cosmetics! | [thunderstore.io](https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/notnotnotswipez/MoreCompany/) |
| Skinwalkers  | The monsters have learned how to mimic the voices of your friends. | [thunderstore.io](https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/RugbugRedfern/Skinwalkers/) |
| Mimics  | Adds a dangerous new monster to the game. Can you figure out what's real or will you be devoured? | [thunderstore.io](https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/x753/Mimics/) |
| LethalExpansion  | Large game expansion with SDK support and a plenty of features. | [thunderstore.io](https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/HolographicWings/LethalExpansion/) |
| More_Emotes  | Adds more emotes | [thunderstore.io](https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/Sligili/More_Emotes/) |
| LethalExpansion | Inhalt 8 | [thunderstore.io]() |
| More_Suits  | Adds more suits to choose from, and can be used as a library to load your own suits! | [thunderstore.io](https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/x753/More_Suits/) |
| LethalCompany_InputUtils  | Utilities for creating InputActions and having them be accessible in game | [thunderstore.io](https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/Rune580/LethalCompany_InputUtils/) |
| FlashlightToggle  | Press F to toggle a flashlight in your inventory. CLIENT SIDE. REBINDABLE IN-GAME | [thunderstore.io](https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/Renegades/FlashlightToggle/) |
| GokuBracken  | Replaces the Bracken's model with a model of Goku from the Tenkaichi games | [thunderstore.io](https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/Vulf/GokuBracken/) |



## Changelog

### 2024.01.09
Author: Sascha
- Adding many more mods. For a full list, see above

### 2023.12.11
Author: Sascha
- Creation of the collection with the basic "MoreCompany" mod and its dependencies
- Writing of the 2 Batch files



